Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
So, in the previous tutorials
we pre-processed our data,
we fitted Logistic Regression into the Training set,
then we predicted the Test set results
and today we're going to evaluate
if our logistic regression model learns
and understood correctly the correlations
in a training set to see if it can make powerful predictions
on a new set, especially the Test set,
so this confusion matrix is going to contain
the correction predictions that our model made
on the test set as well as the incorrect predictions.
So, let's create this confusion matrix,
once again it's gonna be very fast
and as usual, we are going to import a tool
that is going to help us compute
this confusion matrix faster,
only this time it's not gonna be a class,
it's gonna be a function
which we will import from the sklearn.matrix library.
So, let's do it, let's type from sklearn.matrix
import and then we import our function,
so our function is confusion matrix,
confusion_matrix,
so now we're gonna use this function
to compute the confusion_matrix in just one line,
so we're gonna call our confusion_matrix cm
which is a new variable but it's the confusion_matrix
and then we're gonna use our function confusion_matrix
that we just imported,
here we go
and then we're gonna input the parameters.
So, let's inspect the confusion_matrix.
We press Command + I to have a look at the info.
Here we go, so that's our parameters,
let's see what parameters we have to input.
So, the first parameter is y_true,
so that's the correct values,
that's the real values, that's the values
of your dataset,
that's actually what happened in real life
and a cool name to designate it,
I like this name, it's Ground truth.
Ground truth means the real values
that happened in reality.
So, our first parameter is then y_test
because this is the vector of the real values
which are telling if yes or no the user really bought
the SUV car
and then what is the second parameter?
The second parameter is y_pred,
so this time it's the vector of predictions,
the vector of predictions
that our logistic regression model predicted,
so do you guess what this is?
It's actually y_pred
and that's it, that's all we need to know.
I know there's several more parameters,
oh actually, there is just one parameter, it's labels
but it's fine, we're not gonna use it,
we have everything we need here.
So, let's select these two lines and execute.
The confusion_matrix is created.
Now let's have a look.
To have a look at it, we can go to the console here
and type cm and then press Enter to have a look at it.
So, here's the matrix.
The two numbers here, 65 and 24
are the correct predictions
and those two numbers here, eight and three
are the incorrect predictions.
So, we can see that we have quite a lot
of correct predictions, that's good,
we have 65 plus 24 equals 89 correct predictions
and we have eight plus three
equals 11 incorrect predictions.
So, that's good, that's a first step
into evaluating a model performance
but really the most interesting way
to do that, to evaluate a model performance
is what we're going to do in the next tutorial
because we're gonna have a graphic visualization
of our results
and we will clearly see how our classifier separates
the two categories.
That means that we will see the decision boundary
of the classifier and therefore the decision regions.
That means that we're gonna clearly see the region
where the classifier predicts that the user
is going to buy the product
and the other region where the classifier predicts
that the user is not going to buy the products.
You'll see it's gonna be very fun,
it's gonna be exciting visual graphic results.
I can't wait to show you this.
So, I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial
and until then, enjoy machine learning.